Didn't he ask us to apologize to this broken unicorn?
Then we do as he wishes
Wan will keep your eyes open
See how we apologize
I advise you not to play tricks
Kirin's patience is limited
Really? Then I
I'm too scary
Mr. Lu, don't talk nonsense with him. What about this sword?
My white family will come first
Give me the stuff
Baiyuqiao, what are you doing?
Do you know what's going on here?
This black dog blood is used to expel the evil pulp
How can you come to offend
What about the Holy Qilin who forced me to leave?
Ah, I'm so sorry.
I look at the unicorn, old and dirty
Thinking of washing him with water?
This looks like the wrong squat.
But I did it on purpose.
What can you do?
What a divine beast?
Give him a plate of dog blood to wake him up
By the way, let me warn you
Pretend to be in front of me again
Your end will only be a hundred times worse than his
Oh, dear.
This is what you said, you're welcome.
So bright
I still think they are sincere hatchback
Now it seems
It's not a pile of rubble.
As useless as you are
Now we're done with kendo
It's your turn to kneel for me